[Music]
hello and welcome to another episode of
movie spoiler alerts today we're talking
about the 2017 coming-of-age drama film
call me by your name so let's get
started
the film opens following Elio a 17 year
old Jewish boy living in the Italian
countryside with his parents his father
a professor invites 24 year-old Jewish
American graduate student Oliver to live
with them for the summer of 1983 to do
some academic work Elio a book lover and
musical prodigy at first has nothing in
common with Oliver who is carefree and
charming Elio spends his summer reading
books and being with a girl named
Marissa while Oliver is interested in a
local girl which bothers Elio Elio and
Oliver begins spending more time
together which starts out as flirting
and Elio confesses that he has feelings
for Oliver at first
Oliver turns him down but they
eventually meet out can have sex they
continued their romance over the next
few days connecting physically and
emotionally
however Oliver knows that he'll have to
leave at the end of the summer so Ilias
parents who know about their
relationship recommend that the two of
them go on a trip together they spend
several romantic days together and
afterwards
Oliver leaves feeling heartbroken Elio
is comforted by a sympathetic Marissa
who only just wants to be his friend
aleeah's father tells him that he also
had a similar homosexual relationship in
his youth and that the love that Elio
and Oliver shared is rare during
Hanukkah Elio receives a phone call from
Oliver who tells Elio that he is engaged
after the call the upset Elio sits and
stares into the fireplace as the film
concludes so that was the spoilers for
call me by your name if he had another
film you'd like to see me spoil please
let me know in the comments below check
out movie's spoiler alerts on our
various forms of social media and
remember to Like and subscribe thanks
for watching
[Music]